README.md, before:

# FlowCE

In FlowCE, the goal is to connect all of the nodes of like color, while filling all of the available empty spaces. This is accomplished by selecting a node and dragging the pipe to the other node of the same color along the desired path.

To use FlowCE, you will need to install the CE C Libraries on your calculator. If you do not already have them installed, they can downloaded from tiny.cc/clibs. Please transfer all four .8xv to your calculator. After sending the C Libraries, transfer FLOWCE.8xg to your calculator using TI Connect CE. This group contains all of the files necessary to play FlowCE.

Upon starting FlowCE, you will be presented with the pack selection screen, which allows you to select which type of levels you would like to play. Use the arrow keys to move the cursor, and the [2nd] or [enter] key to make selection. Press [clear] to exit FlowCE.

After selecting the pack, the level selection screen will be displayed. This screen shows the available levels in the selected pack and their respective completion statuses. Use the arrow keys to move the corsor, and the [2nd] or [enter] key to make a selection. Press [clear] clear to go back to the pack selections screen or to exit FlowCE.

Once you have selected a level, the game board will be displayed. Use the arrow keys to move the cursor, and [2nd] or [enter] to make a selection. Press the clear key to restart the current level or exit the game. If you are able to complete the level with the fewest possible number of moves, a star will be displayed on level seection screen for that level. If you make more than the minimum number of moves, a check mark will be displayed. After completing the level, a menu with options will be displayed.

Commit message:

capitalized key names, added a few things to make it *flow* better
Also tried to make a "Building" section in the readme.

README.md, after:

# FlowCE

In FlowCE, the goal is to connect all of the nodes of like color, while filling all of the available empty spaces. This is accomplished by selecting a node and dragging the pipe to the other node of the same color along the desired path.

To use FlowCE, you will need to install the CE C Libraries on your calculator. If you do not already have them installed, they can downloaded from tiny.cc/clibs. Please transfer all four .8xv to your calculator. After sending the C Libraries, transfer FLOWCE.8xg to your calculator using TI Connect CE. This group contains all of the files necessary to play FlowCE.

Upon starting FlowCE, you will be presented with the pack selection screen, which allows you to select which type of levels you would like to play. Use the arrow keys to move the cursor, and the [2ND] or [ENTER] key to make selection. Press [CLEAR] to exit FlowCE.

After selecting the pack, the level selection screen will be displayed. This screen shows the available levels in the selected pack and their respective completion statuses. Use the arrow keys to move the corsor, and the [2ND] or [ENTER] key to make a selection. Press [clear] clear to go back to the pack selections screen or to exit FlowCE.

Once you have selected a level, the game board will be displayed. Use the arrow keys to move the cursor, and [2ND] or [ENTER] to make a selection. Press the clear key to restart the current level or exit the game. If you are able to complete the level with the fewest possible number of moves, a star will be displayed on the level seection screen for that level. If you make more than the minimum number of moves, a check mark will be displayed. After completing the level, a menu with options will be displayed.


**BUILDING

In the command prompt, cd to the directory/ folder that contains the makefile.  Then, enter "make" in the console.  The compiled program should be in the "bin" folder.  Transfer the file to your calculator and run it by doing Asm(prgmFLOWCE
You can also just do prgmFLOWCE *ONLY* if you have CE OS 5.3
